# Webpage and code created for MART441 - Homework 2

## Reflection Questtions:
<p>I created a simple yet aesthetically pleasing front page who's code and design was borrowed and re-fashioned from my Homework 1 webpage. I chose this decision not only to save on time, but to also go back and improve on the code as a side project; as well as applying what I learned this week into my own code work. The webpage also let the viewer know to open the console.log to view the rest of its contents.<br>

Microsoft Copilot created something very similar to what I created, alebit with a simply one-color front page (as was asked in the prompt, which was simply the homework directions copy and pasted) and a different user interaction question. <br>

Personally, I do think that using AI in coding is extremely helpful and one of the few cases where I will crack open an AI assisstant to help me (as I showcased in the last homework assignment); however, I feel like it would be a waste of time for both me and anyone who is interested employing me to solely rely on AI or someone else's work to create my webpages. Though Language Models these days will usually create developer's comments with their code to explain what each container or script does, most of the learning experience of coding is lost when you just have an AI do it for you. I feel like a lot, if not most, of my learning comes from doing debugging myself, and constantly opening up the webpage with each new element added to observe how the code interacts with itself; and, trying to figure out why when something doesn't work. I feel like AI in coding is most helpful when its used when I'm stumped on a problem and plug my code into a model to see if it's debugging solutions would work (like looking at an answer key to a test), or if I have an idea to a project and need a little help in how I would go about implementing it into my code. The latter scenario is a bit more of a cheat in my opinion- but I am also confident in my ability to incorperate AI into my workflow rather than just replacing my work altogether; and, I know I am fully capable of taking a generation provided by the AI and making it into something original. <br>

In conclusion, while I would never personally just rip code straight from an AI model or someone else's code and claim it as my own, I do think its fair and possible to take what is generated from an AI/grab code from other people and find ways to incorperate it into your own code. You are learning how to code something that you didn't know how to code before; however, it's also your responsibility as a student learning how to code to learn why the code works as it does so that you can expand upon what you learned in the future.</p>
